hi guys i am xscape Sturm
we started cyber congress long two years
ago with a simple idea of creating a
better than google search using IP FS
and consensus computer and we came to
understanding that provable censorship
resistant and transparent humanity
knowledge graph is doable if you
basically change the truth three things
the first one is always all right guys
if you basically change three things the
first one is that instead of location
addresses you can use content addresses
like ipfs hashes IP fast caches works
basically like better alternative to
traditional URL like links the second
one is that we can start building this
node we can start building this
knowledge graph by linking links we call
this semantic cyber link in order to
distinguish between hyperlinks and the
third one and the most important that
instead of doing it alone we can do it
together so we build cyber team cyber G
is a supercomputer for answers in God
and it's a cosmos based consensus
network that can compute and GPUs we
weighted page rank for a huge knowledge
graph submitted by web free agents cyber
is a verb it's like Google but cyber
using CUDA GPUs we can compute the
knowledge very fast it can compute a
knowledge graph of like billions of
links in a matter of seconds but it's
not enough to success in September 2019
Google will celebrate his 21st birthday
and we are going to launch our genesis
talking last two years with people with
my friends I realize how deep Google
lives in our minds is Google a company
now is Google search index now in fact
Google is the most powerful religion of
our times it has 3 billion followers and
we believe just everything here answer
as Airy
think about it but there must be hacking
the system and it exists in fact had to
believe but finally we found how to hack
it so I want to introduce the you decide
it cyber the robot transformer will help
you to move your content from web to you
to web free and make it searchable I
want to show how it works it's not
obvious but anyway yeah yeah you can
google you can go to any size let's go
to Google Chrome and trying to find
something to Google something let's
google the end of Google and ok we see
results when the go to like Chrome
extension click on download page to ipfs
you can see this in this corner how it
fast it can do when you just cyber link
it with the keyword and the transaction
is submitted to consensus computer in a
matter of two seconds it get confirmed
and you can get a result almost
instantly yeah you can get results you
know
you know the web to basically starts
from a google and it wouldn't be adopted
if wouldn't be a really good search and
I do believe that ipfs as a really good
protocol stack to build on top but it
will not be adopted if we will create a
better alternative to Google thank you
[Applause]